[stable-4.0][backport]Fix reva config of frontend service (#7934)
owncloud/ocis: changelog/unreleased/fix-auth-allow-empty-cred-chain.md

> Bugfix: fix reva config of frontend service to avoid missleading error logs
> 
> We set an empty Credentials chain for the frontend service now. In ocis all
> non-reva token authentication is handled by the proxy. This avoid irritating
> error messages about the missing 'auth-bearer' service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bugfix: fix reva config of frontend service to avoid misleading error logs

We set an empty Credentials chain for the frontend service now. In ocis all
non-reva token authentication is handled by the proxy. This avoids irritating
error messages about the missing 'auth-bearer' service.
```
